README.md, before:

# README Generator Application

## Description

In this project, i create a README file using a command line application. The purpose of this project is to make it easy to create a professional README with future projects. I used JavaScript and Node JS to create this application. I also used the Inquirer package to generate questions for the user.

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installlation)
-[Usage](#usage)
-[License](#license)
-[Contributing](#contributing)
-[Tests](#tests)
-[Questions](#questions)

## Installation

N/A

## Usage

To invoke the application, the user enters the command "node index.js" into the command line. The command line presents the user with a series of questions regarding the usage of their app, installation instructions, license information, testing, examples of usage, GitHub username, and email address. When all the information has been successfully gathered, the application will either print a success message or an error message to indicate whether the README file was created successfully or not. If the application is successful, the README file should appear in the users corresponding folder.

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) license.

## Contributing

N/A

## tests

N/A

## Questions
Please contact me with any questions you may have at [snabajja@gmail.com](mailto: snabajja@gmail.com) or visit my GitHub profile at [snabaj](https://github.com/snabaj).

Commit message:

Added video link to README

README.md, after:

# README Generator Application

## Description

In this project, i create a README file using a command line application. The file generated with the application is titled "README2.md" to differentiate from this README. The purpose of this project is to make it easy to create a professional README with future projects. I used JavaScript and Node JS to create this application. I also used the Inquirer package to generate questions for the user.

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installlation)
-[Usage](#usage)
-[License](#license)
-[Contributing](#contributing)
-[Tests](#tests)
-[Questions](#questions)

## Installation

N/A

## Usage

To invoke the application, the user enters the command "node index.js" into the command line. The command line presents the user with a series of questions regarding the usage of their app, installation instructions, license information, testing, examples of usage, GitHub username, and email address. When all the information has been successfully gathered, the application will either print a success message or an error message to indicate whether the README file was created successfully or not. If the application is successful, the README file should appear in the users corresponding folder.

Below is a walkthrough video link demonstrating the functionality of the application.
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1EcPv8fS-OgUFH13RiSYX4JG0gmbMrDTG/view

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) license.

## Contributing

N/A

## tests

N/A

## Questions
Please contact me with any questions you may have at [snabajja@gmail.com](mailto: snabajja@gmail.com) or visit my GitHub profile at [snabaj](https://github.com/snabaj).
